Deny Github organizations using external SSO on Teleport OSS (#14529)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/sso/github-sso.mdx

## Prerequisites

> - A GitHub organization with at least one team. <ScopedBlock scope="oss">This organization must not have external SSO setup, or Teleport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A GitHub organization with at least one team. <ScopedBlock scope="oss">This organization must not have external SSO set up, or Teleport
```

I think this is more correct?

Author: Thanks, done

## Prerequisites

- A GitHub organization with at least one team. <ScopedBlock scope="oss">This organization must not have external SSO setup, or Teleport
will refuse to create the GitHub authentication connector. If you want to use a GitHub organization that uses external SSO, consider purchasing

> a Teleport Enterprise license.</ScopedBlock>

Reviewer 2: @xinding33 Can you review this wording please? This will appear in our Github SSO docs.

Reviewer 2: @capnspacehook @jakule Let's remove the "If you want to use a GitHub organization that uses external SSO, consider purchasing a Teleport Enterprise license." sentence and then :shipit:

Author: Done
